Fixes #1002, updating the EC2 workerpool type for ROSA HCP cluster nodes (#1003)
keycloak/keycloak-benchmark: doc/kubernetes/modules/ROOT/pages/prerequisite/prerequisite-rosa.adoc

== Scaling the cluster's nodes on demand

The standard setup of nodes might be too small for running a load test, at the same time using a different instance type and rebuilding the cluster takes a lot of time (about 45 minutes).

> To scale the cluster on demand, the standard setup has a machine pool named `scaling` with instances of type `m5.2xlarge` which is auto-scaled based on the current demand from 0 to 10 instances.

Reviewer: Updated the number of instances. 
```suggestion
To scale the cluster on demand, the standard setup has a machine pool named `scaling` with instances of type `m5.2xlarge` which is auto-scaled based on the current demand from 4 to 15 instances.
```

Reviewer: @kami619 I'm unsure if the minimum is 1 or 4 at this point. It looks like `rosa_create_cluster.sh` sets the minimum to 1.
